GEOPY-2641: Add PGI documentation (#426)
MiraGeoscience/simpeg-drivers: docs/fundamentals/regularization/rotated_gradients.md

3D. The gradient operators are constructed based on the partial volumes intercepted by ghost cells rotated about the
center of each cell. The partial volumes include all diagonal neighbours intercepted by the ghost cells.

![partial_volumes](./images/partial_volumes.png)
*Plan-view depiction of the $u,v$ forward gradient operators, made up of partial volumes from neighbouring cells.*

The full regularization term is made up of seven terms in total:

$$\phi_m = \| \mathbf{W}_s (\mathbf{m} - \mathbf{m}_{ref}) \|_2^2 + \sum_{i = u^F,v^F,w^F} \| \mathbf{W}_i \mathbf{G}_i(\mathbf{m}) \|_2^2 + \sum_{i = u^B,v^B,w^B,} \| \mathbf{W}_i \mathbf{G}_i(\mathbf{m}) \|_2^2$$

## Example

This example demonstrates the use of rotated gradients on a
semi-realistic synthetic model. The geometry of the model mimics a
banded-iron formation buried under a hill. The goal is to demonstrate
the benefit of applying directional constraints to the inversion to
better resolve dipping anomalies.

![fold_model](./images/fold_model.png)
*Synthetic model consisting in a folded dipping magnetic layer.*

> The model comprises a folded and faulted magnetic layer (0.5 SI) dipping 20 degrees towards the east. The model was generated using several structural control points provided to the [Gempy](https://app.readthedocs.com/projects/mirageoscience-gempy-drivers/builds/?version__slug=stable) application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The model comprises a folded and faulted magnetic layer (0.5 SI) dipping 20 degrees towards the east. The model was generated by implicit modelling in [GemPy](https://app.readthedocs.com/projects/mirageoscience-gempy-drivers/builds/?version__slug=stable) using control points generated in Geoscience ANALYST and calling the [gempy-drivers](https://app.readthedocs.com/projects/mirageoscience-gempy-drivers/builds/?version__slug=stable) application to interface with GemPy.
```

First, the dip and dip-direction data from the ``structural markers`` were interpolated to the inversion mesh using
the [Radial Basis Function (RBF)](https://mirageoscience-scigeoh5.readthedocs-hosted.com/en/develop/applications/interpolation/rbf.html) application.
Following the instructions presented in the previous section, the interpolated data were grouped as type ``Dip Direction & Dip``.
Users can then validate the constraints by displaying the vectors on sections of the mesh.

![fold_structural_interp](./images/fold_structural_interp.png)
*(Left) Perspective view of the structural constraints with dip and direction. (Right) Interpolated dip and direction
onto the inversion mesh, also group as ``Dip Direction & Dip`` for visualization and inversion.*

To further accentuate the trend, the weight of the `Z-smoothness weight`
was decreased, as it is now oriented perpendicular to the plane of
rotation. By doing so, the relative strength of the smoothing (and
sparsity) along the local dip and strike of the magnetic layer is
increased.

![fold_parameters](./images/fold_parameters.png)

> *Regularization parameters used for the sparse rotated gradient

Reviewer: The caption is not rendering nicely
